# Age

When you publish a mobile app on the Google Play Store and Apple App Store, it
receives a formal review of its content to determine its target age range. Below
is an overview of the current app store age policies and how they relate to
MyOrderApp, a platform that transforms your Square POS into a comprehensive
mobile ordering system.

Apple App Store: For developers submitting apps to the Apple App Store,
navigating the age rating process is a critical step. Through App Store Connect,
developers respond to a series of questions about their app's content, enabling
Apple to assign an age rating that complies with global regulations and parental
controls. The option to classify an app as "Made for Kids" introduces additional
criteria under the Kids Category, ensuring the app meets the stringent
requirements for younger audiences. Conversely, apps intended for adults can be
marked "17+," signaling mature content that is unsuitable for children.

Google Play Store: Google Play Store adopts a slightly different approach,
allowing developers to self-assess their apps through a content rating
questionnaire. This assessment covers various content aspects, including
violence, sexual content, and mature themes. Google then generates an
appropriate rating for different regions and age groups, and allows the
publisher to further specify the target age groups if they desire. In the case
of marking your application as suitable for ages lower than thirteen, there is a
stricter review process. It's crucial for developers to accurately rate their
apps to avoid enforcement actions by Google, which could range from altering the
app's rating to removal from the store.

MyOrderApp: Typically, our submissions to both the Apple App Store and Google
Play Store achieve the lowest possible age rating. However, due to the
commercial nature of the apps we develop, we set a minimum age limit of 13+ on
the Google Play Store. On the Apple App Store, we generally do not classify our
apps as 17+, unless specifically requested by the client. This approach ensures
broad accessibility while respecting the content guidelines and age restrictions
of each platform.

MyOrderApp simplifies mobile ordering for businesses using Square, offering easy
catalog synchronization and immediate updates to match your brand. With support
for multiple languages and devices, it streamlines operations and improves
customer engagement. Choose MyOrderApp for a straightforward, efficient mobile
ordering solution.
